Modify rule S6384: Change text to the progressive education format (APPSEC-424) (#1535)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6384/common/fix/destination.adoc

==== Checking the intent destination

> Before forwarding the intent, the application can check its destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before forwarding the intent, the application should check its destination.
```
We can be stricter here, I think

> Verifying the destination package and class names belong to a list
> of accepted components can prevent most unintended use of the forwarding
> feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most unintended usage of the forwarding feature can be prevented by
verifying whether the destination package and class names belong to a list
of accepted components.
```

Perhaps we can also explicitly mention `Intent.resolveActivity(PackageManager pm)`.

Author: Ok for the rewording. The resolveActivity call is already mentioned in the android.adoc file.
